Washington more than 100 US cities will
organize a yogathon on the first
International yoga day to be celebrated
on June 21st organizers of the event
have said in the ambitious 100 plus
cities Drive 15 cities in New Jersey and
New York area seven cities in California
six cities in Texas and three cities in
Ohio have already finalized the details
of the ythan said overseas volunteer for
a better India ofby the lead organizers
in a statement yesterday all major
spiritual and yoga organizations like
Art of Living have joined the campaign
ofby said adding that more than 50
organizations have joined the
Countrywide campaign to spread the
awareness about yoga Sunstone Yoga a
yoga studio chain having presence in 13
locations in Dallas has come as a
sponsor for the event ethnic
organizations like the nepales student
organization and food for Life global
the world largest vegetarian food relief
organization has joined in as an event
partner among its other partners include
the Indian Consulate in New York and Air
India and Subway the United Nations in
less than 3 months declared June 21st as
World yoga day on December 11th last
year following a proposal by Indian
Prime Minister N Andre Modi